This directory contains a subdirectory for each protein known from SARS-CoV and SARS-CoV2 and subdirectories relating to the virus.  

In each subfolder, you can find a file called proteome_information.txt with infos on the proteome and alternative protein names and a file called sequence_info.txt with infos on the sequence in FASTA-format and identity to its relative.

There are extra folders for structures containing more than one protein from CoV:
nsp12-nsp7-nsp8
nsp14-nsp10
nsp16-nsp10

Folder names which changed / were merged since the upload:
 04.04.2020 nsp13 -> helicase
 05.04.2020 nsp16 -> methyltransferase
 05.04.2020 e2_glycoprotein_precursor -> surface glycoprotein
 05.04.2020 nsp12 -> rna polymerase

In the human_interaction_partners folder you will find 3 different human proteins (121 structures) which have a direct relationship with CoV-proteins. You can get more information in human_interaction_partner/infos.txt

Structures which were revised will be uploaded, you will find the old structures in /old in the protein folder.

In each protein_subfolderyou will  find a text-file NetNGlyc. The file contains the result of the program NetNGlyc which predicts glycosylation sites in proteins. You can find more information in the file itself.
In each taxonomy_subfolder you will find a file structure_sequence_alignment.txt with an alignment of the sequence which is found in the pdb file and the sequence from the reference genome.

Here you will also find rmsd.txt, rmsd.png and rmsd.pdf.
We superposed reference c-alpha-chain onto target-chain based on best matching pair.
And then calculated the root-mean-square deviation (RMSD) between reference and target coordinates.
We could not show the RMSD value without showing how much overlap in the structures there was so we show the overlap-weighted-RMSD:
round(rmsd / overlap * 100, 2)
The Script RMSD.py which you can find in utils uses the prody libary to match, superpose the chains and calculate the RMSD.
You can see the results of the calculation in the .txt file, a heatmap visualization in the .png and .pdf files.




